- THERE'S THIS INVESTMENT
PROPERTY THAT I WANT YOU TO SEE.
HOW THE HELL
WAS I SUPPOSED TO KNOW
THERE WAS GONNA BE A BUBBLE?
- DOES THIS MEAN
YOU MIGHT LOSE THE HOUSE?
YOU HAVE TO TELL MOM.
- DADDY, THIS IS STEVE.
- HE'S JUST CONSTANTLY
TOUCHING HER.
I SWEAR, THIS KID'S GOT,
LIKE, EIGHT HANDS.
- I'D LIKE TO GO OUT
TO DINNER WITH YOU.
YOU WANT TO DO THAT?
- YES.
[doorknob rattles]
[knocking]
- MOMMY, MOMMY!
- JABBAR, JABBAR, JABBAR,
JABBAR, JABBAR, JABBAR.
- ANOTHER DAY IS HERE
- MOMMY, MOMMY.
- NOT THERE! YOU GOTTA GO...
- SAY GOOD-BYE
TO THE SETTING SUN
- MOM, ARE YOU IN THERE?
- ONE SECOND, HONEY.
HURRY, HURRY, HURRY.
MOMMY WILL BE
RIGHT THERE.
HURRY UP.
- [whispers indistinctly]
- NO, JUST HURRY UP.
[knocking on door]
GO, GO, GO, GO,
GO, GO.
GO, HURRY.
- OH!
OH!
- HEY
- [groans]
- A BEAUTIFUL DAY
- HEY, HEY
- MORNING.
- OKAY, MAX,
HIS NAME IS NOEL,
AND HE'S A REAL
INTERESTING KID.
- YEAH.
- AND, YOU KNOW, YOU MIGHT--
YOU MIGHT LIKE HIM.
- UH-HUH.
- YOU KNOW, MAYBE HE COULD
BECOME A FRIEND.
- WHY DO I NEED A FRIEND?
- 'CAUSE FRIENDS ARE FUN.
- YOU DON'T NEED A FRIEND.
- CAN YOU GIVE ME A REASON
WHY FRIENDS ARE FUN?
- UH...
- THEY'RE FUN
BECAUSE THEY'RE FRIENDS.
- YEAH.
- AND FRIENDS ARE FRIENDS.
IN ORDER TO BE A FRIEND,
YOU HAVE TO HAVE A FRIEND.
- YOU KNOW WHAT, LET'S JUST TRY
TO HAVE A GOOD TIME.
HI.
- HI.
- IT'S ALL ABOUT
A LOW CENTER OF GRAVITY.
- UH-HUH.
- HERE, GIVE IT A SHOT.
- OH, THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
- NO, GO ON.
- ALL RIGHT.
- BUT NO, HE COMES TO THE HOUSE,
CAN YOU BELIEVE IT?
- THAT'S GREAT.
- AM I TALKING TOO MUCH
ABOUT NOEL?
I TRY TO THINK ABOUT OTHER
THINGS, BUT IT'S JUST THAT
I LOVE HIM SO MUCH,
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
- YEAH, I KNOW.
- IT'S JUST SO GOOD FOR HIM.
'CAUSE HE DOESN'T GET A LOT OF--
- HEY, HONEY?
- YEAH.
- OKAY.
UM, CAN YOU GO CHECK
ON THE KIDS FOR A MINUTE?
- YEAH, YEAH.
UH-HUH, I'M ON IT.
HEY, GUYS,
HOW'S IT GOING?
- [groans]
CAN YOU GET HIM
TO STOP HUGGING ME?
- UH, NOEL, NOEL, NOEL.
COULD--
- LET'S ROLL AROUND,
LET'S ROLL AROUND.
- [laughs] HE LOVES
ROLLING AROUND.
- OH, YEAH. WELL, HEY,
THAT LOOKS LIKE FUN.
YOU WANT TO ROLL AROUND, MAX?
- OH, GOD, HE'S SUCH A GOOD BOY.
- HEY, ADAM.
- YEAH?
- I BORROWED ANOTHER RECUMBENT
SO WE CAN GO BIKING LATER.
- PHILLY! PHILLY!
WHERE DID YOU FIND THAT?
- FROM JIM.
- YOU KNOW, MAX IS NOT
FEELING SO GREAT.
I THINK HE'S--
- OH, REALLY?
- A LITTLE--
- IS IT DIARRHEA?
- NOEL HAD DIARRHEA
A COUPLE WEEKS AGO.
- HE DID.
- UHH!
- OH, WELL,
WE SHOULD PROBABLY GO.
- IT'S OKAY. YOU KNOW,
WE CAN DO IT ANOTHER TIME.
- YEAH.
- TIME TO GO.
- DEFINITELY.
- OKAY.
- IT'S OKAY. GOT IT.
- RAIN CHECK ON THE RECUMBENT.
- YEAH.
- OKAY? UH, MAX!
- THANKS FOR THE NUTS.
- YOU'RE SO WELCOME.
- NOEL, SAY GOOD-BYE.
- BYE!
- BYE.
- BYE-BYE.
- YEAH, ALL RIGHT,
BYE.
UNBELIEVABLE.
- WHAT'S WRONG?
- GREG DAVIS QUIT.
SYDNEY'S COACH.
HE'S GOT SOME NEW PROJECT
AT WORK OR SOME CRAP.
- THAT HAPPENS.
- NOT THREE DAYS BEFORE
THE SEASON STARTS,
LEAVING ALL THE KIDS
IN THE LURCH.
THAT'S RIDICULOUS.
THE WORK THING, BY THE WAY,
U'I'I'ERLY BOGUS.
TOTALLY.
- WHY?
- GREG DAVIS
IS HYPER-COMPETITIVE.
HE JUST WANTS TO COACH
THE STARS.
HE DOESN'T WANT TO COACH
THE LOSER TEAM.
- SYD'S ON THE LOSER TEAM?
- YEAH.
ATHLETICALLY CHALLENGED.
- SHE DOESN'T NEED THAT KIND
OF ENERGY AROUND HER ANYWAY.
SHE'S BETTER OFF WITHOUT IT.
THIS IS A GOOD THING.
- I AGREE. SHE NEEDS SOME KIND
OF ENERGY, JULIA.
THEY HAVE TO HAVE A COACH.
- WELL, HOW ABOUT
IF I DO IT?
- YEAH.
- WHAT?
- OH, YOU'RE SERIOUS?
OKAY.
- YEAH, WELL, WHY NOT?
- YEAH, YEAH.
AND YOU DON'T THINK IT'S GONNA
BE AN ISSUE WITH THE--
- WHAT?
- YOU KNOW, WITH THE TEAM
IF THEY MAY NOT--
- WIN?
- THAT'S IT, YEAH.
WE BOTH KNOW
YOU HATE TO LOSE.
- YEAH, I WOULD LOVE TO COACH
A TEAM OF REJECTS.
- SURE YOU WOULD.
- OF LOSERS. YEAH.
YOU KNOW WHY?
- NO.
- BECAUSE IT PISSES ME OFF
THAT THE WORLD
IS DIVIDED UP THAT WAY--
AT FIVE YEARS OLD?
- YEAH.
- YEAH. NO.
I'M NOT JUST SAYING,
"OKAY, I'LL DO IT."
- NO. YOU'RE GETTING
RIGHT IN THERE.
- I AM GONNA GIVE THESE KIDS
A GREAT COACHING EXPERIENCE
THAT ISN'T ABOUT WINNING.
- RIGHT. NO, NO.
- YES.
- IT WOULDN'T BE, WITH YOU.
GOD, NO.
IT'S GONNA BE ABOUT
HAVING A GOOD TIME. YEP.
- HEY, SYD,
GUESS WHO'S GONNA BE YOUR NEW
SOCCER COACH THIS SEASON.
- WHO?
- HI THERE, I AM LOOKING FOR
THE PRACTICALLY NEW LAPTOP
AT THE LOW, LOW PRICE.
OH, LOOK.
[mutters indistinctly]
- THAT WOULD BE THIS ONE.
- OKAY.
- THAT'S, LIKE,
TEN YEARS OLD.
- TEN YEARS?
HOW CAN YOU TELL?
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
IT'S HUGE.
NEWER COMPUTERS ARE SLIMMER.
IT'S JUST--IT'S LIKE
A BAIT AND SWITCH.
- WELL, THAT ONE'S
A YEAR OLD,
BUT IF YOUR SON WANTS YOU
TO SEE SOMETHING SLIMMER, FINE.
- I TOLD YOU,
JUST LOOK ON CRAIGSLIST.
- HOW'S YOUR MOTHER GONNA
LOOK ON CRAIGSLIST
IF SHE DOESN'T HAVE
A COMPUTER?
- EXCUSE ME,
CAN I SEE THESE?
THE CUFF LINKS
WITH THE "Z" ON THEM?
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE THESE
CAME FROM?
- I DON'T REMEMBER, HONESTLY,
BUT THEY'RE VERY NICE.
VERY ELEGANT.
YOU LIKE THEM?
- HEY, MOM, I THINK
THAT ONE UP THERE
HAS MAYBE A POSSIBILITY
FOR RUNNING PHOTOSHOP.
- WOULD YOU MIND IF I TOOK
A PICTURE OF THESE?
- SURE.
- THANK YOU.
- ISN'T THE COMPUTER MORE
IMPORTANT THAN THESE CUFF LINKS?
- YEAH. IT'S JUST WEIRD.
YOU KNOW, YOUR GRANDFATHER
HAS A PAIR JUST LIKE THESE.
I MEAN, EXACTLY.
- MAY GOD BLESS
AND KEEP YOU ALWAYS
MAY YOUR WISHES
ALL COME TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS DO
FOR OTHERS
AND LET OTHERS DO FOR YOU
MAY YOU BUILD A LADDER
TO THE STARS
AND CLIMB ON EVERY RUNG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU GROW UP
TO BE RIGHTEOUS
TO BE TRUE
MAY YOU ALWAYS KNOW
THE TRUTH
AND SEE THE LIGHT
SURROUNDING YOU
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE
COURAGEOUS
STAND UPRIGHT
AND BE STRONG
AND MAY YOU STAY
FOREVER YOUNG
MAY YOU STAY
- YEAH, WHO WE JUST SAW, BECAUSE
HIS THUMBS WERE LIKE THIS.
LIKE, NO, LIKE, THEY WERE--
IT WAS ON ONE HAND.
- REALLY? LIKE,
MINIATURE, LIKE?
- YEAH, BUT I THINK
THAT'S WHAT USED TO HAPPEN.
- OH, BOY.
[both girls laugh]
- HEY.
- HI.
- AMBER.
WHAT, DO YOU WORK HERE
OR SOMETHING?
- YEAH, YOU KNOW,
SERVING THE RULING CLASS.
AS USUAL.
SO CAN I
GET YOU GUYS SOMETHING?
- UM...
- UH, HOW ABOUT TWO BEERS?
IS THAT COOL?
- STEVE, DON'T, LIKE,
PUT HER ON THE SPOT.
- UNBELIEVABLE, STEVE.
YOU KNOW, YOU GOT
A LOT OF NERVE,
YOU KIDS,
COMING IN HERE.
JUST THIS ONCE,
OKAY, GUYS?
- YOU'RE AMAZING. THANK YOU.
- I KNOW.
- I'LL SEE YOU IN A SEC.
- BE CAREFUL.
- DO YOU WANT ME
TO PAY FOR THAT?
- NO, IT'S FINE, DUDE.
I GOT IT.
- COOL.
- WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
DOING HERE?
- YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
HE SAID WE SHOULD HAVE A PICNIC
ON THE GOLF COURSE,
WHICH IS KIND OF CUTE.
- WHY WOULD YOU HAVE A PICNIC
ON THE GOLF COURSE?
THAT'S KIND OF WEIRD,
ISN'T IT?
IT'S PROBABLY CODE FOR, LIKE--
- WHAT?
- DOING IT.
I'M SERIOUS. ITHINK
IT'S, LIKE, A THING.
'CAUSE I SAW COUPLES
GOING OUT THERE
WITH, LIKE, BLANKETS
AND BO'I'I'LES AND STUFF.
- YOU KNOW WHAT? HE PROBABLY
DOESN'T EVEN KNOW ABOUT IT.
IT'S PROBABLY, LIKE,
AN URBAN LEGEND
OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
- YOU THINK?
- YEAH. YOU KNOW?
- OH.
YEAH, THAT'S A BLANKET.
THAT'S A BLANKET
IN THAT BAG.
GOOD LUCK.
- HEY, DAD.
- I'M ON MY WAY
TO RECHARGE MY BATTERIES.
- DAD, DAD, DAD, WAIT.
DO YOU STILL HAVE YOUR
CUFF LINKS THAT YOU HAD?
THOSE BLACK ONES
WITH THE GOLD "Z" ON THEM?
- WHY?
- I WAS AT A PAWN SHOP
THE OTHER DAY,
AND I SWEAR I SAW ONES
THAT LOOKED EXACTLY
LIKE YOURS.
- WELL, WHAT WERE YOU DOING
IN A PAWN SHOP?
- I'M LOOKING FOR A LAPTOP
FOR MY PHOTOSHOP CLASS.
BUT DO YOU STILL HAVE 'EM?
LOOK, I TOOK A PICTURE.
THEY'RE EXACTLY THE SAME,
I SWEAR.
- OH, THERE COULD BE, LIKE,
A THOUSAND OF THOSE.
I DON'T KNOW.
- I DON'T KNOW, DAD.
DO YOU STILL HAVE YOURS?
I MEAN--
- AH, A PAWN SHOP.
THAT FIGURES.
DON'T TELL YOUR MOM,
BUT I, UH, I DID LOSE 'EM.
I LOST 'EM AT THE GYM
ABOUT SIX MONTHS AGO.
PROMISE ME YOU'RE NOT
GONNA TELL HER. PROMISE?
- OKAY.
- PROMISE WHAT?
- I WON'T TELL YOU
DAD'S BEEN DRINKING
OUT OF THE CARTON AGAIN.
- BARBARIAN.
- YOU RAT.
[door closes]
- A HOST IS SOMEONE
WHO HAS A FRIEND OVER.
- THAT IS EXACTLY RIGHT.
AND DO YOU KNOW WHAT THE FIRST
RULE OF BEING A GOOD HOST IS?
- SHARING.
- THAT'S RIGHT, SHARING.
AND ALSO LETTING YOUR GUEST
CHOOSE WHAT THEY WANT TO DO.
- OKAY.
- SO THESE PEOPLE, THE
GENATASIOS, ARE COMING OVER,
AND THEY HAVE A SON DAVID
RIGHT AROUND YOUR AGE.
- UH-HUH.
- AND I WORK WITH DAVID'S DAD.
SO, I MEAN,
IT WOULD BE NICE
IF WE ALL DID OUR BEST
TO GET ALONG.
- OKAY.
- SO LET'S SAY YOU AND DAVID
ARE PLAYING WITH YOUR BUGS,
AND DAVID DECIDES THAT,
YOU KNOW,
HE DOESN'T WANT TO PLAY
WITH YOUR BUGS ANYMORE.
HE WANTS TO PLAY BASKETBALL.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
- PLAY BASKETBALL.
- RIGHT, RIGHT.
EVEN IF YOU WANT TO--
- STILL PLAY WITH BUGS.
- EXACTLY. OKAY?
- CAN WE STOP TALKING
ABOUT THIS NOW?
- SURE.
- YOU OWE ME
A STICKER FOR THIS.
- YOU GOT IT.
[jazzy music]
- THIS IS AWESOME, BRIAN.
HEY, TEAM, THIS SEASON,
A MIRACLE IS GOING TO HAPPEN.
WE ARE GOING TO WIN
EVERY SINGLE GAME.
- NO, WE'RE NOT.
- WE ARE, BECAUSE
WE WILL DEFINE WINNING
NOT BY WHAT'S
ON THE SCOREBOARD
BUT BY EACH OF US GETTING BETTER
AT OUR SPECIAL SKILLS,
BY PUTTING THEM TOGETHER
INTO A TEAM,
AND BY HAVING FUN
WHILE WE'RE DOING IT.
OKAY, LET'S GIVE BRIAN
A HAND.
[applause]
GOOD WORK.
IS THERE ANYONE ELSE
THAT HAS A SPECIAL SKILL
THEY WANT TO SHARE?
- I DO.
- OKAY.
[applause]
OKAY, MARCUS. THAT--
THAT LOOKED DIFFICULT.
[kids cheering in unison]
[whistle tweeting]
[hip-hop music]
- LOOK, HADDIE, I--
I DON'T WANT TO FORCE YOU
INTO ANYTHING THAT
YOU DON'T WANT TO DO.
I LOVE YOU.
- I'M SORRY
FOR BEING WEIRD TONIGHT.
- NO, IT'S--
IT'S COOL.
WE CAN, UH, WE CAN TRY
FOR NEXT WEEK.
WELL, THAT'S WHAT
WE TALKED ABOUT.
YOU SAID--
WHAT YOU INDICATED--
- ARE YOU TELLING ME
THAT I LED YOU ON?
- NO.
NO, I'M SAYING--
I'M SAYING
I CARE ABOUT YOU.
SO WHENEVER YOU'RE READY,
I'LL WAIT.
- STEVE.
- WHAT?
- I--I'M NOT GOING TO JUST,
LIKE,
RIPEN LIKE
A PIECE OF FRUIT.
- THAT'S NOT
WHAT I'M SAYING.
- I DON'T--I DON'T THINK THAT
THIS WHOLE THING IS WORKING.
- WHAT WHOLE THING?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
- LIKE US.
- WHY WOULD YOU
EVEN SAY THAT?
I MEAN, YOU'RE JUST UPSET,
OBVIOUSLY, RIGHT NOW, AND--
- I'M UPSET.
I'M NOT JUST UPSET.
- SO ONE MINUTE WE'RE GOING
FROM ALMOST HAVING SEX
TO WHAT, A BREAKUP?
- [sighs]
STEVE.
- WHAT IS YOUR DEAL?
- STEVE. OKAY, LISTEN.
I CARE ABOUT YOU.
- [sighs]
- I REALLY DO, A LOT.
I JUST--I--I FEEL LIKE
THIS IS WHAT
I HAVE TO DO RIGHT NOW.
I HAVE TO GO.
- [sighs]
- HEY.
- YOU OKAY?
- YEAH, PERFECT.
[drawer slams]
- HADDIE.
- HONEY, THAT OUTLET
UPSTAIRS IS--
ARE YOU OKAY, BABE?
SHE'S NOT OKAY.
- HEY, DID YOU TALK
TO HER?
DID YOU FIND OUT
WHY THEY BROKE UP?
- I DON'T KNOW, HONEY.
THEY JUST DID.
THAT'S ALL I COULD
GET OUT OF HER.
- WELL, WAS IT HIM?
WAS IT HER?
I MEAN, WHO BROKE UP
WITH WHO HERE?
- SHE BROKE UP WITH HIM.
- GOOD.
WHAT? THAT'S GOOD,
ISN'T IT?
- HOW IS THAT GOOD?
- I DON'T KNOW.
- I FEEL REALLY BAD
FOR BOTH OF THEM.
THEY WERE REALLY CUTE
TOGETHER, YOU KNOW?
- HEY, DON'T FORGET,
THE GENATASIOS
ARE COMING OVER TONIGHT.
- YEAH, I KNOW, YOU'VE
REMINDED ME, LIKE, 16 TIMES.
WHY IS THAT?
LET'S SEE.
DO I EMBARRASS YOU
SOCIALLY?
- HEY, HEY, I JUST THINK
THAT WE'RE REALLY GONNA GET
ALONG WITH THESE PEOPLE, OKAY?
MAX COULD HAVE A NEW FRIEND
IN DAVID.
YOU KNOW,
THESE PEOPLE ARE COOL.
YOU KNOW, THEY HAVE POTENTIAL
TO BECOME TOP FIVE FRIENDS HERE.
TOP FIVE.
- YEAH. MM-HMM.
TOP FIVE FRIENDS.
THAT'S PRETTY COOL, HONEY.
- YES, IT IS.
- I'M GOING TO THE MARKET.
YOU NEED ANYTHING?
- MM-HMM,
COULD YOU GET ME A SIX-PACK
OF A DIFFERENT KIND
OF INTELLIGENCE?
- OKAY. WHAT KIND
WOULD YOU LIKE?
- I DON'T KNOW. JUST SOME KIND
THAT I DON'T HAVE.
WHATEVER KIND IT TAKES
TO DO THIS.
I CAN'T DO IT.
THE PROFESSOR ALREADY
GAVE ME AN INCOMPLETE,
AND THAT WAS JUST OUT OF
THE KINDNESS OF HIS HEART.
- IS THIS THE MANUAL?
- MM-HMM.
- HAVE YOU STARTED
READING IT?
- I MEAN, LOOK AT IT.
IT'S SO BIG.
IT'S LIKE,
IN A FOREIGN LANGUAGE.
- WELL, IF YOU DON'T START,
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA SUCCEED.
I THINK YOU'RE AFRAID
OF TRYING.
- NOW I'M AFRAID
OF TRYING?
YOU ALWAYS SAID IN HIGH SCHOOL,
I WAS AFRAID OF FAILING.
I MEAN, WHICH IS IT?
- IT'S YOUR LIFE.
- WELL, I'M JUST
SAYING, MOM.
YOU KNOW, WHAT DO YOU KNOW
ABOUT FAILURE?
- I'M ACQUAINTED
WITH FAILURE.
- NO, MOM, REAL FAILURE.
NOT LIKE, OH, MY ORGANIC
PASTRY DOUGH DIDN'T RISE.
I MEAN, REAL FAILURE.
- SURE YOU DON'T NEED
ANYTHING?
- HEY, MOM, JUST KIDDING.
- I KNOW.
- MOM.
- BYE-BYE.
[door bangs]
- I MEAN, WE'RE OUTSIDE, AND IT
SOUNDS REALLY NICE AND SEXY,
BUT IT WAS COLD, AND THERE
WAS, LIKE, A ROCK
DIGGING INTO MY BACK.
- OH, DUDE, YEAH.
THERE YOU GO, MAN.
YOU DON'T WANT THAT.
IT'S A BAD VIBE.
- AMBER, THAT'S NOT
WHAT IT WAS.
LIKE, YOU'RE RIGHT.
I JUST--I WANT IT
TO BE WORKING,
BUT IT WASN'T AND, LIKE,
IT JUST WASN'T GOOD.
- SO YOU BROKE--
- DUDE, WATCH IT.
- I KNOW. UNBELIEVABLE.
BUT--SO YOU BROKE UP WITH HIM?
- BASICALLY.
IT WAS LIKE I WASN'T EVEN
WITH A PERSON ANYMORE.
I WAS WITH
A STUPID CLICHE.
- DUDE, I'M SO SORRY,
BUT BELIEVE ME,
IF THERE'S ONE THING
I KNOW,
YOU DON'T WANT TO CASH IN
YOUR V CHIP
WITH A CLICHE OR A JERK
OR A DOUCHE.
SO I GUESS THAT
RULES OUT STEVE.
YOU DID THE RIGHT THING
FOR SURE, MAN.
- REALLY?
- 100%.
- OKAY. THANK YOU.
- SHALL WE?
- YEAH.
- EXCUSE ME. HI.
I WAS IN HERE
THE OTHER DAY.
I DON'T KNOW
IF YOU REMEMBER.
I WAS LOOKING
AT THE CUFF LINKS.
- COULDN'T RESIST 'EM,
HUH?
- WELL, ACTUALLY,
I, UM,
I WOULD REALLY LIKE TO KNOW
WHO BROUGHT THOSE IN.
- I CAN'T TELL YOU THAT.
- NO, YOU SAID THAT
THE OTHER DAY.
I UNDERSTAND.
BELIEVE ME.
BUT, SEE, MY DAD THINKS THEY
MIGHT HAVE BEEN STOLEN
FROM HIS GYM.
- LADY, IT'S POLICY.
- PLEASE.
- ALL RIGHT.
JEWELRY.
CUFF LINKS.
THAT ITEM WAS PAWNED
BY ZEEK BRAVERMAN.
- THAT'S MY DAD.
- WELL, LOOK, HE HAD
SOME OTHER ITEMS.
I WAS GONNA
PUT THEM OUT TODAY.
UH, IT'S PROBABLY
A CASH FLOW THING.
UH, HE'LL BE BACK
FOR 'EM.
- HOW MUCH?
- $400.
[cheering]
[overlapping chatter]
[upbeat music]
- THAT'S IT. THAT'S IT, GUYS.
DON'T GIVE UP.
ALL RIGHT.
YES.
[whistle tweeting]
ALL RIGHT.
[cheering]
[overlapping chatter]
- ALL RIGHT. GOOD GAME, GUYS.
HUDDLE UP.
HUDDLE UP, HUDDLE UP.
THAT WAS A GOOD GAME.
WE'RE GONNA HAVE
PRACTICE AGAIN,
SO--HI.
- I LOVE YOUR KIDS.
THEY ARE SO CUTE.
- OH, WELL, IF YOU CAME HERE
SCOUTING, FORGET ABOUT IT.
- NO, I-I CAME TO SEE
IF YOU WANTED TO TAKE
ONE OF MY PLAYERS.
WE HAVE SO MANY
GOOD PLAYERS.
IF YOU TAKE ONE,
IT WOULD,
YOU KNOW,
MAKE THE GAME MORE FUN
FOR EVERYONE.
- NAMASTE.
- IF YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED
IN THE GHOST SPIDER,
WE COULD LOOK AT
WEEVIL SNOUT BEETLES.
WEEVIL SNOUT BEETLES ARE
PART OF THE LARGEST FAMILY
IN THE ANIMAL KINGDOM.
THERE ARE OVER 2,500 SPECIES
IN SOUTHERN AFRICA ALONE.
[laughter]
- LIAR.
- PREMATURE,
BUT I DID IT THEN.
[overlapping chatter]
I JUST WANT YOU GUYS
TO KNOW
THE THINGS I'M ABOUT TO DO
WITH THIS BLEU CHEESE
SHOULD PROBABLY BE
ILLEGAL.
- [laughs]
- FIENDISH.
- WHAT?
- LET IT GET ALL NICE AND MELTY.
LET IT CARAMELIZE.
- [whispers]
- HI, HON.
- HEY, MAX, WHAT'S UP?
- I ASKED IF HE WANTED
TO PLAY WITH OTHER BUGS.
- YEAH?
- UH, YOU GUYS,
I'M--I'M SORRY,
BUT DAVID SAYS THAT
HE'S NOT FEELING SO WELL.
- OH, YOU'RE--OH, NO.
HEAD OR TUMMY?
'CAUSE WE HAVE--
- OH, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S OKAY.
IT'S JUST--
IF HE'S CONTAGIOUS,
YOU KNOW WHAT THEY SAY
ABOUT THE FIRST 24 HOURS,
AND WE SHOULD PROBABLY--
- BABE, WE JUST--
WE JUST GOT HERE.
THE FOOD, I MEAN,
IT LOOKS DELICIOUS.
- YEAH. OH, THAT'S OKAY.
- WE'RE GONNA MAKE IT
ANOTHER DAY.
- YEP.
- OKAY. [clears throat]
- NO WORRIES.
- HEY, UM, THANK YOU,
THANK YOU.
- SORRY, BUDDY. I'M SORRY.
[overlapping speech]
- I HOPE IT WASN'T SOMETHING
THAT I COOKED.
- NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT HAPPENS, YOU KNOW KIDS.
- ALL RIGHT, BYE.
- BYE. THANKS.
- THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
- SEE YA.
- THANK YOU.
- IT LOOKS DELICIOUS.
- THANKS.
- MAX, YOU WANT ME TO LOOK
AT SOME BUGS WITH YOU?
- YOUR SHOELACE, BUDDY.
- [spits]
THAT KID WAS NOT SICK.
- I KNOW.
- YOU KNOW, I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY WOULD JUST LEAVE LIKE THAT.
YOU KNOW, WE HADN'T
EVEN BROUGHT OUT
THE DAMN APPLE CRISP YET.
YOU MADE APPLE CRISP.
- HONEY, WE DID THE SAME THING
TO THE LESSINGS, REMEMBER?
SAME THING.
- WELL, LOOK, SO WHAT? NOW WE'RE
RELEGATED TO THE SHORT BUS?
WE HAVE TO HANG OUT
WITH PEOPLE LIKE THE LESSINGS
INSTEAD OF COOL PEOPLE
LIKE THE GENATASIOS?
- WELL, MAYBE IT'S NOT
ABOUT US RIGHT NOW, OKAY?
MAYBE IT'S ABOUT MAX.
- WELL, CAN'T IT BE ABOUT US
JUST A LITTLE BIT?
- [laughs]
SO WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- ROUND THREE?
I'M GONNA NEED TO HYDRATE
OR SOMETHING BEFORE.
- NO.
- THAT'S NOT WHAT
YOU WERE TALKING ABOUT?
- NO, I WAS NOT
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
I MEANT ABOUT YOUR SISTER
ASKING ABOUT JABBAR
PLAYING ON THE SOCCER TEAM.
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
- WHAT?
- I HAVE TO PEE,
BUT WHEN I GET BACK,
I WOULD LOVE
TO TALK ABOUT THIS WITH YOU.
SO...
- OKAY.
- CROSBY.
- HEY.
UH, YOU TIRED?
OKAY, UH, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE STILL SLEEPING.
THIS--THIS IS A DREAM.
- IT IS?
- YEAH.
I'M NOT REALLY HERE.
IT'S JUST A FUN DREAM.
- OKAY.
OKAY, CROSBY.
- ALL RIGHT.
- SHOULD I GO BACK TO BED
AND MAKE BELIEVE
I DIDN'T SEE YOU?
- YES,
THAT'S A GOOD PLAN.
- OKAY.
- OH. EXCUSE ME.
- DON'T TAKE ALL THOSE.
THOSE ARE MY FAVORITE.
- HAVE YOU TALKED
TO HADDIE?
- IT'S NONE
OF YOUR BUSINESS.
- [sighs] LOOK,
SHE BROKE UP WITH ME.
- WERE YOU PRESSURING HER,
PERHAPS?
- NO, I WASN'T
PRESSURING HER.
I JUST WANTED IT
TO BE SPECIAL.
- WELL, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO TELL YOU.
MAYBE IT WASN'T THE RIGHT TIME
FOR HER OR SOMETHING.
- WELL, SO SHE DID
TALK TO YOU.
- YES, SHE TALKED TO ME.
I TOLD HER
SHE SHOULD JUST DO
WHATEVER SHE FELT WAS RIGHT
IN THE MOMENT, YOU KNOW?
SO ARE YOU FEELING
MORE HEARTBROKEN
OR ARE YOU FEELING
REJECT ED?
- I GUESS
A LITTLE BIT OF BOTH.
THEY'RE, UH--TH EY'RE
PRETTY INSEPARABLE.
- I WOULDN'T SAY
THEY'RE INSEPARABLE.
I MEAN,
HEARTBROKEN, TO ME,
SEEMS LIKE YOU'RE MORE SAD
ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED, YOU KNOW?
LIKE, THAT YOU CAN'T BE
WITH A PERSON ANYMORE.
BUT REJECT ED IS MORE, LIKE,
YOU'RE TAKING IT PERSONALLY
AND YOU'RE MAD,
YOU KNOW?
- WOW. WHERE DID, UH--WHERE DID
ALL THIS WISDOM COME FROM?
- FROM FRESNO,
OF COURSE.
- THE WISDOM CAPITAL
OF THE WORLD?
- AH, YES,
YOU'VE HEARD OF IT.
[both laugh]
YEAH, I DON'T KNOW.
WELL, MY MOM'S
KIND OF CRAZY.
- MM-HMM.
- ISH.
AND MY DAD REALLY WASN'T
AROUND VERY MUCH,
SO I GUESS YOU JUST KIND OF
HAVE TO FIGURE STUFF OUT
FOR YOURSELF WHEN YOU'RE RAISED
LIKE THAT, YOU KNOW?
SO...
- TO SURVIVE, YEAH.
- WHAT ABOUT YOUR PARENTS?
WHAT ARE THEY LIKE?
- UM, THEY'RE PRETTY NORMAL,
AND, OH,
THERE'S MY DAD, ACTUALLY,
AS WE SPEAK.
- REALLY, THAT'S HIM?
- UM, ACTUALLY, YEAH.
THIS LAST YEAR, MY DAD GOT
DIAGNOSED WITH M.S.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- I'M SO SORRY.
- I HAVEN'T REALLY TOLD
ANYONE THAT.
BUT--
- WELL, I'LL KEEP IT A SECRET.
- IT'S OKAY.
DO YOU SEE HIM LIMPING?
- I CAN'T TELL.
- NO?
- DO YOU KNOW WHAT I READ?
- HMM?
- I READ THAT, UM,
PEOPLE WITH M.S.
SOMETIMES LIKE TO GO
HORSEBACK RIDING, I GUESS,
'CAUSE IT, LIKE, STIMULATES
THEIR MUSCLES OR SOMETHING.
I DON'T KNOW.
- WELL, THAT'S COOL.
I DON'T THINK HE'LL BE GOING
HORSEBACK RIDING ANYTIME SOON.
BUT THAT'S--
- WELL, IT WAS WORTH A SHOT.
- YEAH. NO, THANKS.
SO CAN YOU MAYBE PASS A MESSAGE
ON TO HADDIE FOR ME?
- AW, DUDE, NO WAY.
NO. YOU'VE GOT TO DEAL
WITH YOUR OWN STUFF.
- OKAY.
- YOU'RE OKAY.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN
WHEN YOU SAY "EVERYTHING"?
- WELL, I MEAN, I COULDN'T
SEE EVERY PIECE,
BUT I SAW HIS GOLD WATCH
AND HIS COIN COLLECTION--
- UH-HUH.
- AND THAT BASEBALL THAT
REGGIE JACKSON SIGNED.
- WAIT A MINUTE, THE REGGIE
JACKSON HOME RUN BALL FROM '77?
- YES.
- HE PAWNED THAT?
- DO YOU HAVE THOSE
IN AN 8 1/2? THEY'RE CUTE.
- YEAH.
- I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO THINK.
- WELL, LOOK, I KNOW HE WAS
HAVING SOME FINANCIAL TROUBLE.
- YOU DO?
- YEAH.
DO YOU REMEMBER THAT TRIP
I TOOK WITH HIM UP NORTH
TO LOOK AT THAT
REAL ESTATE?
- NO.
- WELL, I DID,
AND ANYWAY,
HE APPARENTLY WENT
COMPLETELY UPSIDE DOWN
IN THIS REAL ESTATE
INVESTMENT.
- WHAT? WHY DIDN'T YOU
TELL ME THAT?
- I DON'T KNOW.
IT WAS PRIVATE.
IT WAS--YOU KNOW, HE WAS
EMBARRASSED ABOUT IT,
AND I, YOU KNOW--
- WELL, WHY DIDN'T HE
AT LEAST TELL MOM?
- WELL, HE WAS
SUPPOSED TO TELL MOM.
I MADE HIM PROMISE.
I GUESS THAT MAYBE HE HASN'T.
- OH, ADAM, HOW BAD
DO YOU THINK IT IS?
- IT'S BAD ENOUGH FOR HIM
TO SELL THE REGGIE JACKSON BALL.
WHICH I WANTED TO BE MINE,
EVENTUALLY.
- OH, MY GOD. IT'S NOT REALLY
ABOUT YOUR HEIRLOOMS.
- I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
HOW TO GET THAT BACK.
THAT'S A VALUABLE BASEBALL.
- OKAY, BUT--IT'S--WHAT ARE WE
GONNA DO IN THE MEANTIME?
WHAT ABOUT MOM?
- I THINK
YOU SHOULD TELL HER.
- YOU SHOULD TELL HER.
- WHY SHOULD I TELL HER?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE THE OLDEST.
OOH, IS THAT A HIKING BOOT?
- [sighs]
- I MEAN, I DON'T HIKE YET,
BUT I MIGHT,
NOW THAT I HAVE THE SHOES.
THANK YOU.
- ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
GET ON IN THERE.
GO GET 'EM.
- HEY, GET IN THERE,
SWEETIE.
HEY.
- HEY.
- SO?
- YEAH.
- EIGHT MINUTES LATE
TO PRACTICE.
- YOUR PLAYER FORGOT
HER LUCKY BARRETTE,
AND WE HAD TO RUN HOME
TO GET IT, SO...
- OH.
- WHAT'S, UH, WHAT'S JABBAR
DOING OUT THERE?
- OH, I DIDN'T TELL YOU?
- NO.
- CROS BEGGED ME
TO LET HIM PLAY, SO--
- REALLY?
- IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME, I HAVE
SOME SELF-ESTEEM TO BUILD.
- OH, I'LL JUST HOLD THIS
FOR YOU.
- THANK YOU.
- COACH.
[whistle tweets]
- WAVE TOHIHE FREAK.
- WHO ARE YOU
CALLING A FREAK?
YOU'RE THE FREAK.
- WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
I'VE NEVER HAD
A MANIACAL SMILE LIKE THAT.
- NO, BUT YOU ONLY TRIED
TO BRAINWASH OUR SON.
- BRAINWASH?
- YES, BRAINWASH.
- I MERELY MADE
A SUGGESTION, ALL RIGHT?
IT WASN'T
AN IDEAL SITUATION.
- [sighs]
RIGHT.
WELL, I HAVE A SUGGESTION.
NO MORE FOOLING AROUND.
PERIOD.
- S-SO THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK
WE'VE BEEN DOING
IS FOOLING AROUND?
- I DON'T KNOW.
WHAT WOULD YOU CALL IT?
[laughs]
- [sighs]
- HI. WHAT CAN I
GET FOR YOU?
A SAD GUY SANDWICH?
I MEAN, REALLY,
YOU LOOK LIKE
I'M GONNA HAVE TO FISH YOU
OUT OF THE POND LATER.
- [sighs] NO.
- ARE YOU OKAY?
- HEY, YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BELIEVE THIS, THOUGH.
- WHAT?
- MY DAD WAS, UH--
HE WAS INTERESTED
IN THE WHOLE
HORSEBACK RIDING THING.
- YOU'RE KIDDING.
- UH-HUH.
- THAT'S SO COOL
AND WEIRD.
[both laugh]
- I'VE BEEN THINKING
ABOUT THIS WHOLE THING
WITH, UM,
WITH HADDIE.
- YEAH?
- I WAS A REAL JERK.
- REALLY? HOW?
- I-I-I FEEL LIKE I KEPT
MAKING APPOINTMENTS WITH HER
TO LOSE MY VIRGINITY.
- YOU'RE A VIRGIN?
- CAN YOU DROWN ME NOW,
PLEASE?
- YEAH.
I THINK I HAVE TO.
WE HAVE A VERY STRICT
"NO VIRGINS" POLICY HERE.
- OH, REALLY?
WELL, I'LL LEAVE SOON.
- SO, WHAT ELSE?
- YOU KNOW,
THE WHOLE THING YOU SAID
ABOUT, YOU KNOW,
FEELING IN THE MOMENT,
I WASN'T FEELING
IN THE MOMENT AT ALL.
WHY WOULD SHE?
- I THOUGHT
YOU WERE THE GUY.
CAN'T YOU JUST FEEL IN
THE MOMENT WHENEVER YOU WANT?
- [sighs]
WELL, WHAT I'M FEELING NOW
ISN'T WHAT I WAS FEELING
WITH HER.
- I GOTTA GO.
- HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN
ABOUT THIS?
- THE PAWN SHOP?
JUST--
- NO, THE REAL ESTATE
SITUATION.
- I'VE KNOWN
FOR A COUPLE WEEKS.
- HE DIDN'T TELL ME EITHER.
- WOW.
- WHY DOES IT MATTER?
- IT MAT--IT'S JUST--
IT'S VERY
IMPORTANT INFORMATION
THAT I'D LIKE TO HAVE.
[overlapping arguing]
- IT DOESN'T MATTER NOW.
- ALL RIGHT.
- OKAY? DON'T BE ALL--
- NO, I UNDERSTAND.
COME ON.
- JULIA.
- ARE THEY GONNA LOSE
THE HOUSE?
- NO, WE'RE NOT
GONNA LET THAT HAPPEN.
- IS DAD GONNA
HAVE TO GET A JOB?
- WE DON'T KNOW,
WE DON'T KNOW.
- HOW HAS HE NOT
TOLD MOM?
- LOOK, I WAS TRYING
TO GIVE HIM SOME TIME
TO TELL MOM,
AND HE HASN'T DONE IT.
- WHAT ARE WE
SUPPOSED TO DO?
- WE WERE THINKING THAT TOMORROW
WE COULD ALL HAVE DINNER
OVER AT MOM AND DAD'S HOUSE,
JUST THE SIX OF US.
- OKAY.
- IT MAKES ME UNCOMFORTABLE,
BUT I WILL BE THERE.
[whistle tweets]
[overlapping shouting]
[whistle blows]
- [cheering]
[whistle tweets]
[overlapping shouting]
- YES! YOU CAN DO IT, JABBAR!
YOU CAN DO IT!
- [cheering]
[whistle blows]
- WHOO!
- YEAH!
[whistle blows]
[Pearl Jam's Supersonic]
- SUPERSONIC GONE
AND TOOK MY SOUL
I STOPPED THE RHYTHM,
BUT MY CLOCK WAS FULL, YEAH.
[whistle blows]
- [cheering]
[whistle tweets]
- SO I WANT THEM TO WIN,
ALL RIGHT?
I'M A HORRIBLE PERSON.
LOSING SUCKS.
IS THAT WHAT YOU WANT TO HEAR?
- YEAH, YEAH, YEAH
YEAH, YEAH, YEAH
- [cheering]
- THIS IS THE WORST,
ADAM.
IT SOUNDS LIKE
DR. PHIL WROTE THIS.
"WE LOVE YOU, DAD.
"YOU'VE ALWAYS
BEEN THERE FOR US,
"AND WE WANT YOU TO KNOW
WE'RE HERE FOR YOU
UNCONDITIONALLY."
- THAT SOUNDS GOOD.
- I WAS JUST BRAINSTORMING.
- IT WAS A LAME BRAINSTORM.
- YOU EXPRESSED
THE SENTIMENT CORRECT LY.
- WELL, YOU WANT
TO READ IT?
YOU THINK IT'S--
THE SENTIMENT'S SO GREAT?
- DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
- YOU MISSPELLED
"UNCONDITIONALLY."
- DAD IS IN TROUBLE.
- YEAH, YOU DID. IT SAYS
"UNCONDITIONALLY" WITH ONE L.
- CAN WE TAKE THIS
SERIOUSLY?
YOU SHOULDN'T BE
GIVING CROSBY LINES.
YOU'RE NOT TAKING THIS
SERIOUSLY.
I COULD DO THIS
MUCH BETTER.
- OKAY, YOU GUYS, YOU GUYS,
LISTEN TO ME.
HEY, WHEN I BRING UP
THE ECONOMY,
JUST FOLLOW MY LEAD,
OKAY?
- OKAY, GOOD.
- OKAY.
- THE ECONOMY'S THE CUE,
RIGHT?
- LISTEN,
BEFORE WE TAKE OFF,
WHY DO YOU GUYS
GET TO SIT UP FRONT?
- WOW, LET'S DEAL
WITH THAT.
- HE IS TALLER
THAN EITHER OF YOU.
- DID YOU HEAR, JULIA?
I'M CONSIDERABLY
TALLER THAN YOU, SARAH.
- YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN
TALLER THAN US.
AND WE'VE ALWAYS
BEEN OLDER THAN YOU.
AND THE ONE THING WE GET
IS TO SIT UP IN THE FRONT,
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT,
TONIGHT?
- WE'RE LATE ALREADY,
WE'RE LATE ALREADY.
- LET'S SWITCH.
- WE'RE LATE ALREADY, WE'RE--
HEY!
WE'RE LATE ALREADY.
- LISTEN, MY BACK AND KNEES
ARE ALREADY OVER.
- WE'RE LATE ALREADY.
CAN WE GET BACK IN THE CAR?
CAN WE JUST BE
UNITED ON THIS?
- FINE, BUT I'M NOT SAYING
"UNCONDITIONALLY."
[Dew's Midnight Runners'
Come On Eileen]
- COME ON EILEEN,
OH I SWEAR WHAT HE MEANS
AT THIS MOMENT,
YOU MEAN EVERYTHING
WITH YOU IN THAT DRESS,
MY THOUGHTS I CONFESS
VERGE ON DIRTY
AH COME ON EILEEN
COME ON EILEEN
- LOOK AT YOU.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
YOU'RE HERE.
YOU'RE WEARING SUNGLASSES.
- DO YOU LIKE THEM?
- IT'S NIGHTTIME.
- YOU DON'T LIKE ANYTHING.
- YOU'RE ALL DRESSED UP.
HERE, I HAVE
SOME EXTRA OF THESE.
- OH, WOW. LOOK AT YOU.
THANK YOU.
- YOU'RE WELCOME.
CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS?
IT'S LIKE A HORRIBLE NIGHTMARE.
TELL ME THAT YOUR PARENTS
FORCED YOU TO COME.
OR THEY PAID YOU OR SOMETHING.
- YEAH, THEY DID, A LITTLE BIT.
BUT I ALSO HEARD
YOU WERE GONNA BE HERE TOO,
SO OF COURSE...
- THAT'S NOT GOOD.
THAT IS NOT A GOOD REASON.
- WELL, I CAME FOR THE DANCING,
OF COURSE, TOO.
- YOU CAME FOR THE DANCING?
- YEAH.
- OH.
- I ALMOST BELIEVE YOU,
EXCEPT THAT YOU'RE NOT DANCING.
YOU'RE JUST STANDING OUT HERE
BY YOURSELF.
- WELL, I DON'T KNOW WHY
WE CAN'T DANCE OUT HERE...
[romantic music playing]
IF YOU'D LIKE.
YEAH.
- I GUESS I HADN'T
THOUGHT ABOUT THAT.
- I GUESS THIS ISN'T
SO BAD, RIGHT?
- UM...
I THINK IT'S PRETTY BAD.
- SEE, AMBER, THAT'S WHAT
I LIKE ABOUT YOU.
- THAT I DO BAD THINGS?
- NO, OF COURSE NOT.
YOU'RE HONEST.
- I'M HONEST.
THAN KS.
- YOU KNOW WHAT?
I LIKE SOCCER.
I THINK WE'RE GONNA
GIVE IT A SHOT.
I MEAN--I MEAN--
- UHH! SOCCER'S SO BORING.
- HEY, I WAS KIND OF
THINKING MAYBE WE COULD
TALK ABOUT SOMETHING
BESIDES OUR--OUR KIDS.
- OKAY. LIKE WHAT?
- THIS PASTA
IS DYNAMITE, MOM.
DID YOU PUT POTATO CHIPS
IN IT?
I MEAN, IT'S PRETTY AWESOME.
- YEAH.
- IT'S AMAZING YOU CAN CONTINUE
TO THROW TH ESE MEALS TOGETHER,
GIVEN THE...ECONOMY.
- WITH EVERYONE STRUGGLING
TO MAKE ENDS MEET, YOU KNOW?
- I KNOW I AM.
YOU KNOW, HOW ARE YOU--
HOW ARE YOU GUYS?
- YOU'VE ALWAYS BEEN HERE
FOR US,
AND WE WANT YOU TO KNOW
THAT WE'LL ALWAYS
BE THERE FOR YOU...
TOTALLY.
AND COMPLETELY.
- UNCONDITIONALLY.
- UM, YEAH, ABSOLUTELY.
- OH, GOOSE,
THAT WAS SWEET.
- HMM, YEAH.
YEAH, THAT'S SWEET.
VERY SWEET.
TOO SWEET.
WELL, YOU GUYS HAVE AN AGENDA
FOR THIS LITTLE SOIREE, RIGHT?
I'M GUESSING MONEY,
AM I RIGHT?
- YES.
- YEAH.
- OKAY, YOU'RE WORRIED
ABOUT MONEY
FOR YOUR KIDS' COLLEGE
EDUCATION, RIGHT?
- OH, NOT--WELL--
- NO, DAD, WE'RE--
ACTUALLY, WE'RE WORRIED ABOUT
YOUR GUYS' FUTURE.
- OUR FUTURE?
- YOU KNOW, FINANCIALLY.
- STAYING SOLVENT
IN AN ECONOMIC--
- STOP NOW.
- WHY WOULD YOU BE WORRIED
ABOUT OUR FUTURE?
- UM, WELL...
- WHAT?
- YOU FOUND OUT
ABOUT THE CUFF LINKS?
- I DIDN'T MEAN TO.
- WHAT ABOUT
THE CUFF LINKS?
- OKAY.
THIS IS, UH,
WHAT FAMILY IS ALL ABOUT,
ISN'T IT?
I MADE A BAD INVESTMENT.
- THAT PROPERTY
UP NORTH?
- IT WENT SOUTH.
[utensil clanks on plate]
AND THE INTEREST RATE
ON THE LOAN WENT NORTH.
WAY NORTH.
- SO WHAT DOES THIS MEAN?
- IT MEANS THAT
I HAD TO SCRAMBLE AROUND
TO MAKE THE PAYMENTS,
AND SO I ENDED UP, YOU KNOW,
SELLING SOME
OF MY PERSONAL ITEMS.
AND, UH, WE'VE GOT SOME
FINANCIAL PROBLEMS,
SOME ISSUES THERE.
- PERFECT.
MORE LIES, HUH?
- [sighs]
LOOK, CAMILLE.
- MOM, WE'RE HERE TO HELP YOU,
YOU KNOW, ANY WAY WE CAN.
- THAT'S WHAT WE'RE HERE FOR.
THAT'S WHAT THIS IS ABOUT.
_ THIS ISN'T JUST ABOUT MONEY,
IS IT, ZEEK?
WELL, I-I DON'T WANT TO CONTINUE
WITH THIS RIGHT NOW,
BUT, UM...
YOU'RE ALL SO SWEET.
- MOM.
- LOOK, WE CAN, UH--
- I GOT IT.
- UM...
- ADAM HAS A POINT...
- DAD.
DAD?
[door slams]
[knocks]
- MOM, CAN I COME IN?
MOM, LET ME TALK TO YOU.
[engine starts]
- AS SOON AS
THE STORM IS OVER
OOH
AS SOON AS THE STORM
IS OVER
- GOOD NIGHT, PELE.
- NIGHT.
- GOOD NIGHT, SWEETIE.
- ARE YOU SLEEPING OVER?
- UH, NOT TONIGHT.
- AW.
- IT'S, UH--IT'S NOT
FOOLING AROUND.
- HMM?
- WHAT WE'VE BEEN DOING,
THAT'S--
IT'S NOT FOOLING AROUND.
I'VE DONE A LOT OF RESEARCH
ON THAT TOPIC,
AND I WANT TO BE WITH YOU,
JASMINE.
- CROSBY,
YOU'VE BEEN THROUGH A LOT
WITH YOUR PARENTS
AND EVERYTHING TONIGHT.
LET'S JUST
GIVE IT SOME TIME.
LET'S SEE.
CROSBY?
[clears throat]
YOU WANT TO HAVE
A SLEEPOVER?
- YEAH. I LIKE SLEEPOVERS.
- YOU DO?
- YEAH.
- YEAH, SO DO I.
- THEY'RE LIKE
MY FAVORITE.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
I DIDN'T BRING
ANY JAMMIES, THOUGH.
- YOU DON'T NEED ANY.
[knock on door]
- HEY.
MOM, THANK YOU SO MUCH
FOR THIS COMPUTER.
I CANNOT TELL YOU
HOW IT'S HELPING ME.
- I'M SORRY
ABOUT LAST NIGHT.
- MOM, PLEASE,
DON'T WORRY.
IT'S FINE.
- WE'VE HAD
MONEY PROBLEMS BEFORE,
AND WE'LL HAVE THEM AGAIN.
WHAT I CARE ABOUT
IS THAT YOUR FATHER
DOESN'T RESPECT ME ENOUGH
TO TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON.
- OH, MOM, IT'S--
YOU KNOW HOW HE IS.
I'M SURE HE JUST DOESN'T
WANT TO WORRY YOU, YOU KNOW?
- I KNOW.
THERE'S BEEN A LOT OF LYING
GOING ON FOR A LOT OF YEARS,
AND NOT JUST ABOUT MONEY.
- WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- THERE WAS A WOMAN
UP NORTH.
- OH, MOM.
- YEAH.
I COVERED FOR HIM.
I'VE BEEN COVERING FOR HIM
FOR YEARS,
TELLING MYSELF THAT I WAS
DOING IT FOR YOU KIDS
AND, YOU KNOW,
IT'S ONLY PARTLY TRUE.
SO I--
I DON'T KNOW.
I JUST COULDN'T,
FOR SOME REASON,
CONFRONT HIM ABOUT IT.
SO I LET IT GO.
I JUST LET IT GO.
AND NOW YOU KNOW.
- MOM.
- DON'T TELL THE OTHERS
ABOUT IT, OKAY?
- OH.
OKAY.
- SO HOW'S IT GOING?
- NO, NO, DON'T.
IT'S NOTHING.
I'M NOT DONE.
IT'S--I'M JUST--FOR CLASS.
- WOW.
SEE? I TOLD YOU
YOU COULD DO IT.
- DON'T EVER FORGET
THAT YOU'RE NEVER ALONE
I WANT YOU TO
LIVE FOREVER
UNDERNEATH
THE SKY SO BLUE
OH, YEAH
I WANT YOU
TO LIVE FOREVER
UNDERNEATH, UNDERNEATH
YEAH, A SKY SO BLUE
[knocking on door]
OH, I WANT YOU TO
- HEY, SONNY.
- HEY.
- UNDERNEATH
THE SKY SO BLUE
- WELL, ARE YOU GONNA
LET ME IN OR WHAT?
- COME ON IN.
- ALL RIGHT.